The thing which I feared of happened. It started as a feeling in my freshman year. I had slim hopes of ever talking to her as she is very good looking and I am a below average guy with the looks of a skunk which is high on weed. She is a very cheerful girl, never sad, always smiling. Speaking of her smile, she has the most amazing smile in the world. And that thing is what threw me off my feet. When I see her smile, my day automatically becomes much more merrier. I became more positive and see the world as a happy place. Well then under some circumstances we had to talk and that day was the best day of my life.

Then she got committed to a senior guy. It broke my heart and I tried to control myself and put all my feelings at the bottom of my heart. I burried them so deep that I hoped they would never come back up. 
But now, now it's all ruined. The feelings have again risen from the grave and I have started liking her again. I am in a mess as I was not prepared for this. Everything went wrong when we went on a trip. I started being more with her. I started seeing her as I saw her in my freshman year. It took me 3 years to bury my feelings and now they are all back. Every moment of the trip I just wanted to scream one thing "I Still Love You". But what's the use of it. She isn't interested in me, or maybe I should say that she never was. Before leaving my hostel room I looked in the mirror and made myself promise to stay the same with her after the trip. The trip should not change anything in between us. But after the first day, everything stared changing, my promises were forgotten and every feeling I had for her started comming in my mind.
I know that if I used all my wishes or every prayer known to mankind I wouldn't be able to be with her. I know she sees my as a friend. But I can't see her in that way still. I know I would be doing wrong if I kissed her. But everything she is near me I just have sudden urges to kiss her on the cheeks or just hug her. She is the best thing that can ever happen to me. But I know that she is not mine, or never can be mine. I am just not her type. I am just me, and she is well let's say way out of my league, the sweetest girl I have ever known.

I think that I want to live my life with her, but I know that I can't do that. These are just some weird thoughts in my mind which I wanted to get out. But the feelings are the things I cannot suppress now. My friend Shriya always asked me If I still had feelings for her, to which I always replied "No I don't". Now I ask myself the same question over and over, and reply it every moment- "Yes I do have feelings for Kritika and I can't overcome them.".

Kritika, the cutest and sweetest girl I have ever known. She has a charming smile and killer laugh. Her smile can sweep you right off your feet. If you see her smile once then from the next time you can go to any extent to see her smile. That's what keeps me alive in my batch. Seeing her smile. If she cries or has tears in her eyes or is even upset or stressed due to some reason. I can go to any extent to make her smile and normal like before. Her laugh is kind of unique, you can recognize it in a noisy room also. 

Well, today on the last day of the trip, I realized one more thing. Actually I didn't realize it, It was there from a long time, but it happened again today. I can't see her upset, It makes me also upset. Her mood has a direct effect on my mood. I just want her to be happy again.

Isn't it strange that you can't see the person whom you love with someone else. You want her to be with you.

The way she walks, full of energy. When she comes walking towards me, my life fills up with joy and energy. I feel like I can do a 15 kms trek without a break.

The summer after the college ends is harsh for everyone as some start their internship, some study for higher education and some like me are still stuck on the girl the loved in their 1st year. Yes I am talking about Kritika, no matter what I do, who I be with, just one look at her and I am again falling for her. I have no idea or any courage to how to break it to her that I still love her and want her with me. I cannot see her with anyone other than me. Yes I get jealous when she talks to anyone other than me. Yes I feel sad and cry when she is upset. Yes I am happy when she smiles. Yes her mood effects me.

College is over, but my feelings for Kritika are nowhere near an end. 

The date of joining came a few days back, and you should be happy to know that Kritika and I won't be working together as her joining came for Banglore and mine did not come. Indeed I did not even get a joining my joining is still pending. So now, I think it's all over then, through sources I came to know that Kritika feels awkward near me now, due to my flirting and all. In a way this turned out fine. She won't have to work with me so she won't have to hear me flirting and all, she will stay happy far from me. Now I wish that I get my joining away from anyone, I would be the lone guy in the office. I have lost my skills of talking to girls already, now I would loose my social life also. Whenever I would have to go out I would take myself out, the uncomplicated me, the simple me. 

So, the thing I feared the most happened. Kritika is dating someone at work. I mean... why she can't ? she can date anyone she wants to and I am perfectly okay with it, but deep inside.. deep inside I am broken... Broken beyond repair, It's not that I didn't expected it, I had a feeling earlier that this would happen and I am nit that good looking also, like she is definitely out of my league, she can never fall for someone like me or if she ever falls for someone then it would definitely not be me. I just love her so much I can't see her with anyone else. I can't do that. I am broken.

So the day has come, when I will start trying to talk less to Kritika. Well atleast try sending her one sided texts lesser.. and close to none. Because I now feel, I have no value in her life. She doesn't wants to talk to me. She is better off without me, noone to disturb her or send messages when she is having a good time with her boyfriend or working in her office. I will go away from her. Let me leave with good memories of her, so that I can later remember them and have a hearty laugh and a meaningful cry. I will cherish every moment with her, every trip, every talk, her face, her cute smile. I will miss them the most. I finally understand the meaning of the line "I love her enough to let her go." So goodbye Kritika, have a happy life in your future.. may you have the life you deserve, a person who loves you like me or even more, a life you can happily live, a family that loves you and cares for you. I will always be here for you just one call or message away. We started from strangers and I believe we are strangers now, but a stranger I love with my heart. I Love You Kritika ❤️ forever and ever.

I cannot live without her. I tried for a week and I cannot do it. I want to meet her, talk to her, hug her, just look at her for the whole time. I don't know why I cannot just get over her, she doesn't has any feelings me.. nor she will ever have, but I just cannot get over her. She...
I Love Kritika and will always do and this is not any momentary attraction or just some 2 am thoughts. This is my real feelings for her and I don't know what she sees in her boyfriend except the looks, I will love her 10 times more than any guy can ever love a girl, I will never let any tear on her face. She says that her boyfriend is nice to her and cares for her a lot, well.. she doesn't knows me then, she has no idea about my love for her, if she thinks that her boyfriend loves her and cares for her a lot.. well multiply that factor by 20 and then also it's nowhere near my love and care for her. I don't show anything doesn't means that I don't care or anything. I am just afraid of the part that comes afterwards, but now all is lost. I have lost Kritika forever, I know that I won't be able to meet her ever now, I know that she will be in my memory forever as the one girl I seriously never thought that I would fall, But when I fell I fell hard for, Wanting to just be there with her.. no sex nothing.. just a table, two chairs on the opposite ends, a lit candle in between, her favourite food and just watch her for the whole dinner while eating, because everything she does attracts me, her just a small act like removing hair from in front of her eyes, her cute faces she makes when she is thinking or trying to plead me to do anything. You know ? I didn't come to the class to study, I came to the class just to see you... just to be with you.. sit there beside you... watch you during class.. I know this creeps you out of me staring at you... But my day was never good without hearing a hi baby from you... and after that.. everything became fine... I could do anything...

Kritika, If you are reading this right now.. then I don't know under what life or death circumstances I sent you these thoughts, I don't know how I mustered this courage. I just want you to know that I Still Love You, always had and always will no matter what, because you give me Hope to be Happy.
